temperature: 0, model: gpt-4
prompt: 

Your task is to associate the sentences delimited by <> to a category from the python dictionary delimited by "". Associate the sentences to a category by using its explanation value of the python dictionary. Each sentence is represented by a number. 
To perform the task follow these steps: - work out what explanation best represent each sentence. - reflect on what explanation best represent each sentence. - use only the provided categories. - associate all the sentences. - one sentence can be associated with more than one category. - output the response as a python dictionary that contains the following 
key: category name, and value: sentence number. 
Sentences: <1: Teaching methods in Danish schools are outdated. 
 2: Danish schools receive positive feedback from parents. 
 3: Underfunding leads to worse schools, needing more teachers and resources. 
 4: School quality varies by neighborhood and local population. 
 5: Children enjoy freedom, creativity, and foundational support in education system. 
 6: Schools are well-equipped but lack engaging teaching methods. 
 7: More stability in school staff would benefit children's education. 
 8: Teachers feel demotivated, need support for better work environment. 
 9: Teachers are poorly paid and educated; needs ministry intervention. 
 10: Strict curriculum limits flexibility and individualized learning. 
 11: Teachers unenthusiastic, school requires improved equipment. 
 > 
Categories: "{
  "Education System": "Overall aspects of the education system, including teaching methods, curriculum, and foundational support.",
  "School Funding": "Financial aspects of schools, including underfunding, resources, and equipment.",
  "Teacher Support": "Issues related to teachers, such as motivation, education, payment, and work environment.",
  "School Quality": "Variability in school quality based on factors like neighborhood and local population.",
  "Parental Feedback": "Parents' opinions and feedback on the education system."
}"

response: 
{
  "Education System": [1, 5, 6, 10],
  "School Funding": [3, 11],
  "Teacher Support": [7, 8, 9],
  "School Quality": [4],
  "Parental Feedback": [2]
}