temperature: 0, model: gpt-4
prompt: 

Your task is to associate the sentences delimited by <> to a category from the python dictionary delimited by "". Associate the sentences to a category by using its explanation value of the python dictionary. Each sentence is represented by a number. 
To perform the task follow these steps: - work out what explanation best represent each sentence. - reflect on what explanation best represent each sentence. - use only the provided categories. - associate all the sentences. - one sentence can be associated with more than one category. - output the response as a python dictionary that contains the following 
key: category name, and value: sentence number. 
Sentences: <1: Teaching methods in Danish schools are outdated. 
 2: Danish schools receive positive feedback from parents. 
 3: Underfunding leads to worse schools, needing more teachers and resources. 
 4: School quality varies by neighborhood and local population. 
 5: Children enjoy freedom, creativity, and foundational support in education system. 
 6: Schools are well-equipped but lack engaging teaching methods. 
 7: More stability in school staff would benefit children's education. 
 8: Teachers feel demotivated, need support for better work environment. 
 9: Teachers are poorly paid and educated; needs ministry intervention. 
 10: Strict curriculum limits flexibility and individualized learning. 
 11: Teachers unenthusiastic, school requires improved equipment. 
 > 
Categories: "{
  "Danish Education System": "Covers the overall aspects of the education system in Denmark, including teaching methods, curriculum, and school quality.",
  "School Funding": "Addresses the financial aspects of schools, including underfunding, resource allocation, and the impact on education quality.",
  "Teacher Support": "Focuses on the challenges faced by teachers, such as motivation, work environment, and compensation, as well as the need for ministry intervention.",
  "Teaching Methods and Curriculum": "Discusses the teaching methods used in schools, their effectiveness, and the limitations of the curriculum in promoting individualized learning.",
  "School Environment": "Encompasses the physical and emotional aspects of the school environment, including equipment, staff stability, and the impact on children's education."
}"

response: 
{
  "Danish Education System": [1, 2, 4, 5],
  "School Funding": [3],
  "Teacher Support": [7, 8, 9],
  "Teaching Methods and Curriculum": [1, 6, 10],
  "School Environment": [4, 6, 7, 11]
}