temperature: 0, model: gpt-4
prompt: 

Your task is to associate the sentences delimited by <> to a category from the python dictionary delimited by "". Associate the sentences to a category by using its explanation value of the python dictionary. Each sentence is represented by a number. 
To perform the task follow these steps: - use the provided explanations to cluster the sentences. - reflect on how the explanations explain the sentences. - use only the provided categories. - associate all the sentences. - one sentence can be associated with more than one category. - output the response as a python dictionary that contains the following 
key: category name, and value: sentence number. 
Sentences: <1: Teaching methods in Danish schools are outdated. 
 2: Danish schools receive positive feedback from parents. 
 3: Underfunding leads to worse schools, needing more teachers and resources. 
 4: School quality varies by neighborhood and local population. 
 5: Children enjoy freedom, creativity, and foundational support in education system. 
 6: Schools are well-equipped but lack engaging teaching methods. 
 7: More stability in school staff would benefit children's education. 
 8: Teachers feel demotivated, need support for better work environment. 
 9: Teachers are poorly paid and educated; needs ministry intervention. 
 10: Strict curriculum limits flexibility and individualized learning. 
 11: Teachers unenthusiastic, school requires improved equipment. 
 > 
Categories: "{
  "Education System": "Covers the overall quality, funding, and curriculum of schools.",
  "Teaching Methods": "Refers to the approaches and techniques used in classrooms, including engagement and flexibility.",
  "Parental Feedback": "Represents the opinions and satisfaction of parents with the education system.",
  "School Staff": "Addresses the stability, motivation, and qualifications of teachers and other school personnel.",
  "Neighborhood Factors": "Discusses the impact of local population and neighborhood on school quality."
}"

response: 
{
  "Education System": [1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10],
  "Teaching Methods": [1, 6, 10],
  "Parental Feedback": [2, 5],
  "School Staff": [7, 8, 9, 11],
  "Neighborhood Factors": [4]
}