temperature: 0, model: gpt-4
prompt: 

Your task is to extract the common topics discussed in a sequence of sentences delimited by <>. 
Each sentence is represented by a number. 
To perform the task follow these steps: - work out the common topics that are discussed in the sentences. - reflect if you can find better topics to represent the sentences. - explain each topic in a concise way. - output the response as a python dictionary that contains the following 
key: category name, and values: explanation. 
Sentences: <1: Teaching methods in Danish schools are outdated. 
 2: Danish schools receive positive feedback from parents. 
 3: Underfunding leads to worse schools, needing more teachers and resources. 
 4: School quality varies by neighborhood and local population. 
 5: Children enjoy freedom, creativity, and foundational support in education system. 
 6: Schools are well-equipped but lack engaging teaching methods. 
 7: More stability in school staff would benefit children's education. 
 8: Teachers feel demotivated, need support for better work environment. 
 9: Teachers are poorly paid and educated; needs ministry intervention. 
 10: Strict curriculum limits flexibility and individualized learning. 
 11: Teachers unenthusiastic, school requires improved equipment. 
 >

response: 
{
  "Danish Schools": "Overview of the Danish education system, including positive feedback and areas for improvement.",
  "Teaching Methods": "Discussion of outdated teaching methods, strict curriculum, and the need for more engaging and individualized learning.",
  "Funding and Resources": "Issues related to underfunding, school quality variation, and the need for better equipment and resources.",
  "Teacher Support": "Challenges faced by teachers, including low pay, lack of motivation, and the need for a better work environment and ministry intervention.",
  "Student Experience": "Aspects of the education system that promote freedom, creativity, and foundational support for children."
}